{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/presentation/apr2025/ai-developer-tools-are-focused-wrong-problem",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | AI Developer Tools Are Focused on the Wrong Problem",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# AI Developer Tools Are Focused on the Wrong Problem\n### Abstract\nFor all the claims about AI increasing developer productivity, why aren't developers seeing more of an impact?What we've heard from thousands of developers is that writing code is not their main challenge. They're stuck at Step #1 \u2013 trying to find the right context about how the codebase works and why.\nCodebases are a compilation of thousands of decisions, discussions, and documents that live across tools like Confluence, Slack, Notion, Jira, Linear, GitHub, and more - accumulated over years if not decades. Whether a developer is onboarding to your team or trying to understand how a piece of legacy code works, they waste hours every day digging for the answers through all these systems.\nUnblocked augments your code with context from the tools in your stack, giving your development team a platform for asking questions, and for discovering historical context about their code.\nThe impact here is profound: with Unblocked, developers can answer their own questions without interrupting their peers or having to wait for meetings. What's more, they can find the entirety of the information they need wherever they're working.\nIf we want to see actual productivity benefits from AI, we need to use it where we spend the most time. The more we can empower developers with the context they need, the faster we can achieve our goals and the happier we can make our teams.\n* * *\n### Speaker\n#### Dennis Pilarinos\nFounder & CEO @Unblocked\nDennis Pilarinos is the founder and CEO of Unblocked, a developer platform that gives teams helpful answers to questions about their codebase. Previously, he was the founder and CEO of buddybuild, a mobile-focused continuous integration service that Apple acquired in 2018 and launched as Xcode Cloud. A seasoned technologist and business leader, Dennis has a track record of building, running, and scaling the teams and technologies behind leading developer platforms at Microsoft (Azure), Amazon (AWS), and Apple. He holds multiple patents and is passionate about tackling real-world problems for developers.\nRead more\n#### Session Sponsored By\nUnblocked searches your team\u2019s code, discussions, and docs to instantly answer questions about your application.\n#### Speaker\n##### Dennis Pilarinos\nFounder & CEO @Unblocked\n#### Date\nMonday Apr 7 / 05:05PM BST ( 50 minutes )\n#### Location\nWestminster (4th Fl.)\n#### Track\nSponsored Solution Track I\n#### Video\nVideo is not available\n#### Share\nShare Share\n## From the same track\nSession\n### Building a Streaming Agentic AI Pipeline with Redpanda and Snowflake\nMonday Apr 7 / 02:45PM BST\nIn this technical talk for developers, architects and the technically curious, Paul will cover recent developments within Redpanda Connect. \nPaul Wilkinson\nPrincipal Solutions Architect @Redpanda\nBuilding a Streaming Agentic AI Pipeline with Redpanda and Snowflake\nSession\n### A Blueprint for Agentic AI Services \nMonday Apr 7 / 01:35PM BST\nWe\u2019re all excited to build and deliver agentic AI services. But what about running at the exponentially greater scale that agents create? LLMs suffer from poor latency and availability issues. More frequent model training drives more frequent updates to agentic services. \nDuncan DeVore\nSr. Director & Architect Advocate @Akka\nA Blueprint for Agentic AI Services \nSession\n### Zero Trust or Bust. Bring Your Own Cloud To Real-Time Data\nMonday Apr 7 / 11:45AM BST\nAs organizations increasingly look to adopt Bring Your Own Cloud (BYOC) models to deploy scalable, real-time data streaming solutions, security concerns around data governance, access control, and compliance become critical business considerations. \nKarin Landers\nSenior Product Marketing Manager @Ververica\nZero Trust or Bust. Bring Your Own Cloud To Real-Time Data\n"
}