{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/presentation/apr2025/blueprint-agentic-ai-services",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | A Blueprint for Agentic AI Services",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# A Blueprint for Agentic AI Services \n### Abstract\nWe\u2019re all excited to build and deliver agentic AI services. But what about running at the exponentially greater scale that agents create? LLMs suffer from poor latency and availability issues. More frequent model training drives more frequent updates to agentic services. Most of all, the LLM cost of running at an agentic scale breaks the bank\u2014fast. So, what can you do?\nIn this session, we\u2019ll dig into how engineering and operations can address:\n  * Making agentic services fail-proof when their LLMs are not\n  * Managing a two-order-of-magnitude increase in TPS, including a 2M TPS RAG case  \nstudy\n  * Navigating cost vs. quality tradeoffs, with LLMs costing up to 100,000x more than a  \ndatabase transaction\n  * Continuously redeploying agents that require frequent retraining\n\n\nAfter this session, we invite you to attend part 2 of the discussion: \u201cFrom Concept to Code: Navigating Agentic AI Services\"\n* * *\n### Speaker\n#### Duncan DeVore\nSr. Director & Architect Advocate @Akka\nDuncan DeVore is the co-author of Reactive Application Development, a hands-on guide for building reliable enterprise applications using reactive design patterns. An avid Java developer since 2001, he has earned three patents for innovative software design and led the launch of one of the first large-scale distributed reactive applications in 2012. Duncan is an expert in open source development, an enthusiastic proponent of AI, and a regular writer and speaker on both topics.\nRead more\n#####  Find Duncan DeVore at: \n  *   *   * \n\n#### Session Sponsored By\nAkka is used to develop resilient, low latency, large scale, cloud-to-edge distributed applications.\n#### Speaker\n##### Duncan DeVore\nSr. Director & Architect Advocate @Akka\n#### Date\nMonday Apr 7 / 01:35PM BST ( 50 minutes )\n#### Location\nWindsor (5th Fl.)\n#### Track\nSponsored Solution Track I\n#### Share\nShare Share\n## From the same track\nSession\n### Building a Streaming Agentic AI Pipeline with Redpanda and Snowflake\nMonday Apr 7 / 02:45PM BST\nIn this technical talk for developers, architects and the technically curious, Paul will cover recent developments within Redpanda Connect. \nPaul Wilkinson\nPrincipal Solutions Architect @Redpanda\nBuilding a Streaming Agentic AI Pipeline with Redpanda and Snowflake\nSession\n### AI Developer Tools Are Focused on the Wrong Problem\nMonday Apr 7 / 05:05PM BST\nFor all the claims about AI increasing developer productivity, why aren't developers seeing more of an impact?What we've heard from thousands of developers is that writing code is not their main challenge. \nDennis Pilarinos\nFounder & CEO @Unblocked\nAI Developer Tools Are Focused on the Wrong Problem\nSession\n### Zero Trust or Bust. Bring Your Own Cloud To Real-Time Data\nMonday Apr 7 / 11:45AM BST\nAs organizations increasingly look to adopt Bring Your Own Cloud (BYOC) models to deploy scalable, real-time data streaming solutions, security concerns around data governance, access control, and compliance become critical business considerations. \nKarin Landers\nSenior Product Marketing Manager @Ververica\nZero Trust or Bust. Bring Your Own Cloud To Real-Time Data\n"
}