{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/presentation/apr2025/building-streaming-agentic-ai-pipeline-redpanda-and-snowflake",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | Building a Streaming Agentic AI Pipeline with Redpanda and Snowflake",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# Building a Streaming Agentic AI Pipeline with Redpanda and Snowflake\n### Abstract\nIn this technical talk for developers, architects and the technically curious, Paul will cover recent developments within Redpanda Connect.\nFirstly, we will highlight new capabilities that enable agentic AI processes to be applied to streaming data. By using tools for external integration, we will show how to build highly specialized and capable AI agents that interact with external systems, providing essential additional context to LLMs.\nIn the second part of the talk, we will show how recent developments in Redpanda Connect that can also enable high throughput data ingestion into Snowflake (via Snowpipe Streaming).\nFinally, we will combine all of these techniques together into a single, end-to-end demo.\n* * *\n### Speaker\n#### Paul Wilkinson\nPrincipal Solutions Architect @Redpanda\nPaul Wilkinson is an innovative technologist with a multi-faceted background in research, development, training and consulting. As a hands-on practitioner with two decades of experience in the technology industry, Paul has developed a passion for solving the most difficult challenges. His current focus at Redpanda is on reducing the time-to-value for Redpanda customers through automation and tooling. As a Principal Solutions Architect, Paul works closely with Redpanda's customers in EMEA to accelerate the development of production data streaming applications.  \n\nRead more\n#### Session Sponsored By\nRedpanda is a simple, powerful, and cost-efficient streaming data platform that is compatible with Kafka\u00ae APIs while eliminating Kafka complexity.\n#### Speaker\n##### Paul Wilkinson\nPrincipal Solutions Architect @Redpanda\n#### Date\nMonday Apr 7 / 02:45PM BST ( 50 minutes )\n#### Location\nWestminster (4th Fl.)\n#### Track\nSponsored Solution Track I\n#### Video\nVideo is not available\n#### Share\nShare Share\n## From the same track\nSession\n### AI Developer Tools Are Focused on the Wrong Problem\nMonday Apr 7 / 05:05PM BST\nFor all the claims about AI increasing developer productivity, why aren't developers seeing more of an impact?What we've heard from thousands of developers is that writing code is not their main challenge. \nDennis Pilarinos\nFounder & CEO @Unblocked\nAI Developer Tools Are Focused on the Wrong Problem\nSession\n### A Blueprint for Agentic AI Services \nMonday Apr 7 / 01:35PM BST\nWe\u2019re all excited to build and deliver agentic AI services. But what about running at the exponentially greater scale that agents create? LLMs suffer from poor latency and availability issues. More frequent model training drives more frequent updates to agentic services. \nDuncan DeVore\nSr. Director & Architect Advocate @Akka\nA Blueprint for Agentic AI Services \nSession\n### Zero Trust or Bust. Bring Your Own Cloud To Real-Time Data\nMonday Apr 7 / 11:45AM BST\nAs organizations increasingly look to adopt Bring Your Own Cloud (BYOC) models to deploy scalable, real-time data streaming solutions, security concerns around data governance, access control, and compliance become critical business considerations. \nKarin Landers\nSenior Product Marketing Manager @Ververica\nZero Trust or Bust. Bring Your Own Cloud To Real-Time Data\n"
}