{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/track/apr2025/connecting-systems-apis-protocols-observability",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | Connecting Systems: APIs, Protocols, Observability",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# Connecting Systems: APIs, Protocols, Observability\nPractically all modern software is operating as a distributed system, even if it might not look like it at first glance. API calls and TCP/IP requests obviously cross process boundaries and use network connections, but so does accessing storage, policy enforcement, or logging within a cloud-based context...and all those operations can fail, often in interesting ways.\nIn this track, we'll look at how to tackle these distributed system problems. How do we connect components without adding extra points of failure or impacting scalability? What about failure? If a system grinds to a halt, we'll know - but what about partial/grey failures or intermittent performance degradation? We'll look at using observability to keep on top of our systems while, ideally, not breaking the bank in logging costs.\n* * *\n### From this track\nSession resiliency\n### Timeouts, Retries and Idempotency In Distributed Systems\nWednesday Apr 9 / 10:35AM BST\nThe definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again\u201d - this quote attributed to Einstein warns us of the danger of magical thinking, hoping that trying something just one more time will achieve success when before we failed. But is this really insanity? \nSam Newman\nMicroservice, Cloud, CI/CD Expert, Author of \"Building Microservices\" and \"Monolith to Microservices\", 20+ Years Experience as a Developer\nTimeouts, Retries and Idempotency In Distributed Systems\nSession architecture\n### From Confusion to Clarity: Advanced Observability Strategies for Media Workflows at Netflix\nWednesday Apr 9 / 11:45AM BST\nManaging media workflows at the Netflix scale is both thrilling and daunting. With millions of workflow executions across hundreds of types and over 500 million CPU hours consumed quarterly, costs can skyrocket, and encoding issues can disrupt the streaming experience. \nSujana Sooreddy\nSoftware Engineer @Netflix - Building High Scale Observability Solutions\nNaveen Mareddy\nStaff Engineer @Netflix, 20+ years in Software Engineering, Creator of MediaInfra Meetup, Speaker, Mentor\nFrom Confusion to Clarity: Advanced Observability Strategies for Media Workflows at Netflix\nSession APIs\n### Scaling API Independence: Mocking, Contract Testing & Observability in Large Microservices Environments\nWednesday Apr 9 / 01:35PM BST\nMicroservices promise faster deployments and team autonomy. In reality, engineers are often blocked waiting for APIs, dealing with broken sandboxes, or wrangling test environments. \nTom Akehurst\nCTO and Co-Founder @WireMock, 20+ Years Building Enterprise Systems\nScaling API Independence: Mocking, Contract Testing & Observability in Large Microservices Environments\nSession\n### From Dashboard Soup to Observability Lasagna: Building Better Layers\nWednesday Apr 9 / 02:45PM BST\nLet's be honest - observability can suck. Ever feel like you're swimming in dashboard soup? You know the feeling: tons of single-use dashboards, building new ones during every incident only to lose them in the chaos, and spending ages creating visualizations that no one ever looks at again. \nMartha Lambert\nProduct Engineer @incident.io, Building Reliable and Observable Systems\nFrom Dashboard Soup to Observability Lasagna: Building Better Layers\nSession architecture\n### Platforms for Secure API Connectivity With Architecture as Code\nWednesday Apr 9 / 03:55PM BST\nAs microservices and complex platforms become the standard, ensuring secure connectivity while maintaining a smooth developer experience is a significant challenge. Traditional security models often introduce friction, slowing down innovation and deployment. \nJim Gough\nDistinguished Engineer, API Platform Lead Architect @Morgan Stanley, Co-Author of Optimizing Java\nPlatforms for Secure API Connectivity With Architecture as Code\n#### Track Host\n##### Daniel Bryant\nPlatform Engineer, Co-Author of \"Mastering API Architecture\", Java Champion, and InfoQ News Manager\n#### Date\nWednesday Apr 9 / 10:35AM BST \n#### Share\nShare Share\n### Track Host\n#### Daniel Bryant\nPlatform Engineer, Co-Author of \"Mastering API Architecture\", Java Champion, and InfoQ News Manager\nDaniel Bryant is currently focused on building platforms as a product with Syntasso. He is also the News Manager at InfoQ and the Emeritus Chair for QCon London. Daniel\u2019s technical expertise focuses on APIs, cloud/container platforms, and microservice implementations. He is a leader within and contributor to several open source communities, writes for well-known technical websites such as InfoQ, O'Reilly, and DZone, and regularly presents at international conferences such as QCon, KubeCon, and Devoxx.\nRead more\n#####  Find Daniel Bryant at: \n  *   *   *   * \n\n"
}