{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/track/apr2025/engineering-productivity-and-developer-experience",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | Engineering Productivity and Developer Experience",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# Engineering Productivity and Developer Experience\nIn an increasingly complex technical landscape, the productivity of engineering teams is deeply intertwined with their developer experience. As modern software development cycles demand efficiency, seamless collaboration, and rapid iteration, the focus is shifting toward optimizing environments and workflows that empower developers to perform at their best. This track delves into the frameworks, tools, and practices that elevate both individual and team performance by prioritizing developer experience.\nTopics covered include leveraging AI to enhance developer workflows, exploring the unique approach to developer experience at Monzo, and understanding how large tech firms structure their environments to optimize productivity. We will also dive into what makes golden paths and reusable patterns adoptable and shareable across an entire organization, enabling teams to work more efficiently. Additionally, we\u2019ll explore how fostering developer joy contributes to building a thriving, innovative culture. Join us as we explore strategies to boost productivity, enhance toolchains, and cultivate an environment that supports innovation, creativity, and speed.\n* * *\n### From this track\nSession developer productivity\n### Productivity Is Messing Around and Having Fun\nMonday Apr 7 / 10:35AM BST\nDeveloper satisfaction, developer joy, and business results are strongly correlated. Developer productivity frameworks like SPACE recognize this, with Satisfaction being a key metric. And yet - our jobs are frustrating, filled with mindless work, and free of joy. How do we fix that? \nHolly Cummins\nFull Stack Engineer, Building Quarkus @Red Hat, Former Lead Consultant\nTrisha Gee\nDeveloper Champion and Author of \"Head First Java\" (3rd Ed), \"97 Things Every Java Developer Should Know\", and \"Getting to Know IntelliJ IDEA\"\nProductivity Is Messing Around and Having Fun\nSession pair programming\n### Continuous Delivery Is Not Possible Without Pair Programming: Lessons From SpareBank 1 and SINTEF in Norway\nMonday Apr 7 / 11:45AM BST\nIn the autumn of 2021, SpareBank 1, one of the largest savings banks in Norway, decided to take a new direction by significantly increasing how often we deployed to production, going from daily to hourly frequency. \nAsgaut Mj\u00f8lne S\u00f6derbom\nSenior Software Developer @SpareBank 1 Utvikling, Previously Worked @Bouvet, @FINN, and @TietoEVRY, 19+ Years in Software Development\nOla Hast\nSenior Software Developer @Sparebank1 Utvikling, 15 Years in Software Development\nContinuous Delivery Is Not Possible Without Pair Programming: Lessons From SpareBank 1 and SINTEF in Norway\nSession Platform Engineering\n### Achieve Optimal Efficiency for your Developer Experience Teams\nMonday Apr 7 / 01:35PM BST\nDeveloper Experience teams are quite popular these days as organisations understand the value of optimising for developers productivity. \nFabien Deshayes\nEngineering Manager - Platform & Developer Experience @Monzo, Previously @Spotify\nAchieve Optimal Efficiency for your Developer Experience Teams\nSession Coding\n### From Autocomplete to Agents: AI Coding State of Play\nMonday Apr 7 / 02:45PM BST\nAfter almost 2 years of intense attention givent to coding assistants, at the beginning of 2025, many organizations were disappointed by the measurable results. The recent arrival of coding assistance agents though has stirred up and reset expectations and the hype.&nbsp; \nBirgitta B\u00f6ckeler\nGlobal Lead for AI-assisted Software Delivery @Thoughtworks, Software Developer, Architect, and Technical Leader, 20 Years Experience in Technology\nFrom Autocomplete to Agents: AI Coding State of Play\nSession\n### Your Platform is Not an Island: Embracing Evolution in Your Ecosystem\nMonday Apr 7 / 03:55PM BST\nAs with most forms of engineering it is easy to talk about theory in the abstract, but typically more nuanced to implement. Platform engineering is no exception. While the term has become increasingly popular over the last few years, it is a concept that is organically evolving within industry. \nRachael Wonnacott\nAssociate Director for Container Platform Engineering @Fidelity International\nYour Platform is Not an Island: Embracing Evolution in Your Ecosystem\nSession\n### Unconference: Engineering Productivity and Developer Experience\nMonday Apr 7 / 05:05PM BST\nUnconference: Engineering Productivity and Developer Experience\n#### Track Host\n##### Blanca Rojo\nExecutive Director, Distinguished Engineer and Cloud Engineer @UBS\n#### Date\nMonday Apr 7 / 10:35AM BST \n#### Share\nShare Share\n### Track Host\n#### Blanca Rojo\nExecutive Director, Distinguished Engineer and Cloud Engineer @UBS\nBlanca Rojo is a Distinguished Engineer and Executive Director at UBS, specializing in cloud engineering. Originally from Spain, she holds a degree and MSc in Software Engineering and was introduced to coding early by her parents, both math teachers. After moving to London, she began her career at an investment bank, initially as a Java engineer working with Spring and tackling complex challenges through code. Over time, Blanca transitioned to cloud engineering and data engineering, pivoting her career focus in 2019.\nBlanca has been a passionate advocate for community involvement since 2017, volunteering with internal networks and organizing both in-person and virtual events. In 2021, she became the leader of the Women in Tech network in the UK, revamping its focus to include coding initiatives, upskilling women, and expanding the network's influence. Her technical expertise and community leadership led to her recognition as a Distinguished Engineer, a role that involves shaping technology and engineering practices across UBS.\nIn her current role, Blanca works in a Center of Excellence team, focusing on helping the department adopt a central Kubernetes offering to streamline cloud infrastructure and improve scalability. She is also the department\u2019s AI champion, with a focus on enhancing developer experience and engineering productivity. Blanca and her team design, build, and maintain reusable cloud artifacts and best practices, ensuring high engineering standards across the organization. She leads proof-of-concept work, provides technical guidance to a department of 400+ engineers, and helps drive the adoption of innovative technologies and practices that optimize engineering workflows.\nBlanca is also an emerging public speaker with a growing focus on AI-augmented development and its potential to improve developer experience. She has spoken at events such as London Tech Week, the Staff+ conference by Lead Dev, and internal tech conferences, sharing insights on topics like cloud-native architectures, patterns for monolith decompositions, and how AI can transform development processes to boost efficiency and collaboration.\nRead more\n"
}