{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/presentation/apr2025/engineering-excellence-ing-balance-autonomy-standardization",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | Engineering Excellence at ING: Balance Autonomy with Standardization",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# Engineering Excellence at ING: Balance Autonomy with Standardization\n### Abstract\nING is committed to empowering its engineers to maximize their impact and create more value for customers. To achieve this, ING continuously seeks innovative ways to accelerate development and enhance productivity.\nBy making teams smaller and strengthening relationships with product counterparts, ING has fostered numerous successful projects. However, this autonomy has also led to fragmentation, increased architectural complexity, and cost growth, challenging reliability, and productivity.\nTo address these issues, some teams autonomously implemented uniform and streamlined pipelines, which quickly saw explosive organic growth across the organization. ING is now scaling its engineering capabilities by standardizing build and deploy pipelines, reducing complexity, and improving the developer experience. This initiative aims to embed conformity, security, and resilience by design, leading to better documentation, architecture decisions, and quality definitions.\nEmbedding a feedback control plane within the platform helps minimize the impact of unavoidable failures more effectively than root cause analysis alone. This approach ensures a faster, more reliable path to production. Automating compliance checks and risk controls in the regulated banking industry keeps ING secure while leaving its engineers to do their thing.\nWithin ING we create an engineering experience that supports freedom, creativity and productivity for engineers within well-contained guardrails, enabling engineers to excel at creating value and innovating daily. The true power of engineering lies not in the tools themselves but in the impact they make.\nJoin Daniele Tonella to learn how ING's engineering efforts are paving the way for future success.\n* * *\n### Speaker\n#### Daniele Tonella\nCTO @ING\nDaniele is Chief Technology Officer at ING. He is a technology executive with over 20 years of experience in leadership roles in the financial industry and is currently active in advisory and board roles for several companies. He worked at UniCredit, including as group chief information officer and CEO of UniCredit Services. Before that he held various roles at AXA Group, Evalueserve and Swiss Life. Daniele started his career as a consultant at Mercer and later at McKinsey & Company in Switzerland. He holds a master\u2019s degree in industrial engineering from the Eidgen\u00f6ssische Technische Hochschule Z\u00fcrich in Switzerland and completed various executive education programmes at Harvard, IMD, INSEAD and MIT Sloan.\nRead more\n#### Session Sponsored By\nING is a leading European bank. Our more than 60,000 employees serve nearly 40 million customers in over 100 countries. Our purpose is to make the difference in people\u2019s lives, with tech that matters.\n#### Speaker\n##### Daniele Tonella\nCTO @ING\n#### Date\nTuesday Apr 8 / 10:35AM BST ( 50 minutes )\n#### Location\nWestminster (4th Fl.)\n#### Track\nSponsored Solution Track II\n#### Video\nVideo is not available\n#### Share\nShare Share\n## From the same track\nSession\n### Beyond Code: Building a Personal Brand To Boost Your Career\nTuesday Apr 8 / 01:35PM BST\nIn an increasingly competitive field, software expertise alone may not be enough to stand out and drive your career forward. \nRoland Meertens\nInfoQ Editor, Machine Learning Engineer @Wayve, Previously @Bumble Inc, @Annotell, and @Autonomous Intelligent Driving\nSteef-Jan Wiggers\nCloud Queue Lead Editor @InfoQ, Principal Consultant Cloud/DevOps @Team Rockstars IT\nBeyond Code: Building a Personal Brand To Boost Your Career\nSession\n### From Concept to Code: Navigating Agentic AI Services \nTuesday Apr 8 / 11:45AM BST\nThose who embrace agentic AI will reap the rewards. Building on the strategic insights from the first session (\u201cA Blueprint for Agentic AI Services\u201d), this presentation delves into the technical intricacies of harnessing agentic AI. \nAlan Klikic\nSenior Solutions Architect @Akka\nFrom Concept to Code: Navigating Agentic AI Services \nSession\n### AI-Enabled Delivery - ICSAET Cohort Only\nTuesday Apr 8 / 03:55PM BST\nOnly available to attendees with a \u201cConference (3 days) + Certification (half day)\u201d ticket.AI isn't just about fancy code completion anymore \u2013 it's shaking up the entire software lifecycle, from design to deployment and beyond! \ud83e\udd2f \nWes Reisz\nTechnical Principal @EqualExperts, ex-Thoughtworker & ex-VMWare, 16-Time QCon Chair, Creator/Co-host of The InfoQ Podcast\nAI-Enabled Delivery - ICSAET Cohort Only\nSession\n### Streaming Really Large Data With Flink and Fluss\nTuesday Apr 8 / 02:45PM BST\nModern data workloads are pushing the limits of our streaming systems. Row-oriented streaming pipelines often send every event (and every field) over the network, even if consumers only need a fraction of that data. \nBen Gamble\nField CTO @Ververica\nStreaming Really Large Data With Flink and Fluss\nSession\n### Unlock Continuous Testing with AI Test Agent Workflows\nTuesday Apr 8 / 05:05PM BST\nThis talk will explore how agentic AI is revolutionizing continuous testing workflows, with a practical demonstration of Diffblue Cover's autonomous AI-powered unit testing capabilities. \nAnimesh Mishra\nSenior Solutions Engineer\nUnlock Continuous Testing with AI Test Agent Workflows\n"
}