{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/venue/mar2026",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2026 | Venue & Hotel",
    "page_content": "# Venue & Hotel\n## The Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre - London\n* * *\nIn the very heart of Westminster, The Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre is uniquely situated within walking distance of Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, and the London Eye.\nBroad Sanctuary, Westminster, London SW1P 3EE - Tel: +44 20 7798 4000 - Accessibility information - Car & Cycle Parking - Sustainability information\n## Official Venue and Hotel Information:\nOnly the venue and hotel information listed on this official page has been approved by QCon.\n**Please note: QCon will never email you directly about hotel bookings or expiring room rates.** If you receive an email of this nature or suspect any other phishing attempt using the QCon brand, please forward it immediately to info@qconlondon.com.\n## Hotel for QCon London Participants:\nTo secure the best accommodation within your budget we recommend you book as early as possible. We have appointed BCD M&E to help you find affordable accommodation that meets your requirements. Find your hotel room for QCon London 2026!\nAccess to a wide selection of hotels at the lowest available rates, with no administration or handling fees. Group discounts available for 9+ rooms. \nFor any support or questions, please contact the accommodation team at rooms@bcdme.com. \n## Directions to the Venue:\n### International Airports:\n  * **London City Airport LCY:** approx. 26mins drive /35mins with public transportation\n  * **Heathrow Airport LHR:** approx. 43mins with public transportation\n  * **Gatwick Airport LGW:** approx. 46mins with public transportation\n  * **Stanstead Airport STN:** approx. 1h14 with public transportation\n\n\n### Closest Tube Station:\n  * **St James's Park** - 4mins walk - Circle Line, and District Line\n  * **Westminster** - 6mins walk - Jubilee Line, Circle Line, and District Line\n  * **Victoria Station** - 14mins walk- Victoria Line, Circle Line, and District Line\n\n\n### Getting to QCon by Bus:\nBuses 11, 12, 24, 53, 77a, and 88 stop at Parliament Square\n"
}