{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/track/apr2025/modern-data-architectures",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | Modern Data Architectures",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# Modern Data Architectures\nIn a world powered by data, crafting the right architecture has never been more critical\u2014or more complex. With an ever-growing arsenal of tools and solutions, designing a robust, future-ready data architecture requires not just expertise, but pragmatism and foresight. The challenge? Building scalable systems that meet the demands of today while anticipating the needs of tomorrow\u2014especially when AI and machine learning enter the mix.\nAs companies embrace Data Mesh architectures to decentralize data ownership, they face a cascade of hurdles: scaling infrastructure, integrating real-time data streams, ensuring data governance, and automating agile data pipelines\u2014all while keeping costs in check. The race to innovate is on, and the winners will be those who can turn these challenges into opportunities.\nJoin us at our Modern Data Architectures track, where industry experts will share the actionable insights, cutting-edge strategies, and real-world case studies you need to navigate this evolving landscape. Whether you're leading your company's data transformation or fine-tuning your existing architecture, this is your chance to discover the best practices in Modern Data Architecture and becoming best equipped to design a future proof data application.\n* * *\n### From this track\nSession Data Architecture\n### Reliable Data Flows and Scalable Platforms: Tackling Key Data Challenges\nWednesday Apr 9 / 10:35AM BST\nThere are a few common and mostly well-known challenges when architecting for data. For example, many data teams struggle to move data in a stable and reliable way from operational systems to analytics systems. \nMatthias Niehoff\nHead of Data and Data Architecture @codecentric AG, iSAQB Certified Professional for Software Architecture\nReliable Data Flows and Scalable Platforms: Tackling Key Data Challenges\nSession AI/ML\n### Achieving Precision in AI: Retrieving the Right Data Using AI Agents\nWednesday Apr 9 / 11:45AM BST\nIn the race to harness the power of generative AI, organizations are discovering a hidden challenge: precision. \nAdi Polak\nDirector, Advocacy and Developer Experience Engineering @Confluent, Author of \"Scaling Machine Learning with Spark\" and \"High Performance Spark 2nd Edition\"\nAchieving Precision in AI: Retrieving the Right Data Using AI Agents\nSession\n### Panel: Modern Data Architectures\nWednesday Apr 9 / 01:35PM BST\nPanel: Modern Data Architectures\nSession AI/ML\n### The Data Backbone of LLM Systems\nWednesday Apr 9 / 02:45PM BST\nAny LLM application has four dimensions you must carefully engineer: the code, data, models and prompts. Each dimension influences the other. That's why you must learn how to track and manage each. The trick is that every dimension has particularities requiring unique strategies and tooling. \nPaul Iusztin\nSenior ML/AI Engineer, MLOps, Founder @Decoding ML\nThe Data Backbone of LLM Systems\nSession Data Architecture\n### Beyond the Warehouse: Why BigQuery Alone Won\u2019t Solve Your Data Problems\nWednesday Apr 9 / 03:55PM BST\nMany organizations mistake the adoption of a data warehouse, like BigQuery, as the golden ticket to solving all their data challenges. But without a robust data strategy and architecture, you\u2019re simply shifting chaos into the cloud. \nSarah Usher\nData & Backend Engineer, Community Director, Mentor\nBeyond the Warehouse: Why BigQuery Alone Won\u2019t Solve Your Data Problems\n#### Track Host\n##### Fabiane Nardon\nData Expert, Java Champion & Data Platform Director @totvs\n#### Date\nWednesday Apr 9 / 10:35AM BST \n#### Share\nShare Share\n### Track Host\n#### Fabiane Nardon\nData Expert, Java Champion & Data Platform Director @totvs\nFabiane is a seasoned computer scientist with years of experience building data-intensive solutions that have made a tangible impact across various industries. She was the chief architect of the Sao Paulo Healthcare Information System project, which was then considered the world\u2019s largest JavaEE application and won the 2005 Duke\u2019s Choice Award for its innovation. At Tail, where she served as partner and CTO, she helped pioneer the use of data science and machine learning in digital advertising.\nFabiane has been an active contributor to the open-source community, having led the JavaTools Community at java.net, where over 800+ projects were created. A frequent speaker at major tech conferences, she is well-regarded for sharing practical insights and real-world experience. She has also served on the program committees for conferences like JavaOne, TDC and QCon, helping to shape industry conversations.\nNamed a Java Champion by Sun Microsystems in recognition of her contributions to the Java ecosystem, Fabiane now works as the Data Platform Director at Totvs, Brazil\u2019s largest tech company. Her current work focuses on simplifying the development of data-driven solutions, making it easier for organizations to harness the power of data to solve real-world challenges.\nRead more\n"
}