{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/track/apr2025/path-senior-engineering-leadership",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | The Path to Senior Engineering Leadership",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# The Path to Senior Engineering Leadership\nWhat does it take to reach senior leadership in tech? Whether aiming for the IC path to Distinguished Engineer or leading teams as a CTO, this track is for you. We'll explore the skills and strategies needed to thrive, no matter the direction you choose. We'll cover everything from leaping IC and management \u2014 and even back again \u2014 to building a career that can withstand the ups and downs. Expect truthful talks and real-world insights from those who've been there.\n* * *\n### From this track\nSession leadership\n### The Principal Engineer\u2019s Path: Skills, Strategies, and Lessons Learned\nMonday Apr 7 / 10:35AM BST\nIn many organizations, the role of Principal Engineer is considered the highest level of the \u2018individual contributor\u2019 career path. But careers aren\u2019t like ladders\u2014short, straight, and evenly spaced. Instead, they\u2019re long, winding, and often challenging journeys. \nSophie Weston\nPrincipal Engineer @ClearBank, Co-Organizer of DevOpsDays London & FastFlowConf\nThe Principal Engineer\u2019s Path: Skills, Strategies, and Lessons Learned\nSession career growth\n### How to Always Get Invited to Big Strategic Conversations\nMonday Apr 7 / 11:45AM BST\nEver heard \u201cyou\u2019re a great engineer/manager, but to get to the next level, you need to focus on the big picture and your business impact\u201d? Early on in our careers, we focus on technical depth and excellence. \nMark Allen\nEngineering Leader and Technical Co-Founder, Over 10 Years Experience Growing Managers and Senior Engineers\nHow to Always Get Invited to Big Strategic Conversations\nSession software engineering\n### Changing Power Dynamics: What Senior Engineers Can Learn From Junior Engineers\nMonday Apr 7 / 01:35PM BST\nIn many engineering teams, senior engineers make the decisions and are responsible for mentoring and teaching junior team members. This rigid hierarchical dynamic can stifle innovation, discourage fresh perspectives, and create barriers to collaboration. How can we change this? \nBeth Anderson\nPrincipal Software Engineer @BBC Digital Distribution\nChanging Power Dynamics: What Senior Engineers Can Learn From Junior Engineers\nSession\n### Unconference: The Path to Senior Engineering Leadership\nMonday Apr 7 / 02:45PM BST\nUnconference: The Path to Senior Engineering Leadership\nSession Engineering Management\n### Scaling to 100+ as a Director: Lessons From Growing Engineering Organizations\nMonday Apr 7 / 03:55PM BST\nWhen I took on the Director of Engineering role at Nubank, I had no idea just how many times I\u2019d need to reinvent my leadership style. \nThiago Ghisi\nDirector of Engineering @Nubank & Co-Host of @EngAdvicePod, Previously @Apple & @ThoughtWorks\nScaling to 100+ as a Director: Lessons From Growing Engineering Organizations\nSession engineering leadership\n### Shine Bright as an IC: Growing Yourself As Your Company Grows\nMonday Apr 7 / 05:05PM BST\nBeing part of a growing company is a fantastic opportunity to level yourself as an individual very rapidly, if you choose to grasp it. You've already immersed yourself with context and you might be the go to person for a key area of the organization. \nSuhail Patel\nSenior Staff Engineer @Monzo Leading the Platform and Data Functions, Previously @Citymapper\nShine Bright as an IC: Growing Yourself As Your Company Grows\n#### Track Host\n##### Leandro Guimar\u00e3es\nSenior Engineering Manager @ClassPass, former Chair of QCon in Brazil\n#### Date\nMonday Apr 7 / 10:35AM BST \n#### Share\nShare Share\n### Track Host\n#### Leandro Guimar\u00e3es\nSenior Engineering Manager @ClassPass, former Chair of QCon in Brazil\nLeandro is a Senior Engineering Manager at ClassPass and has been working in software development for over 24 years, accumulating experience in leading and managing high-performance teams. He was part of the QCon S\u00e3o Paulo committee for 6 years, serving as the chair of QCon in Brazil in its last 3 editions.\nRead more\n#####  Find Leandro Guimar\u00e3es at: \n  *   *   * \n\n"
}