{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/presentation/apr2025/thinking-out-sandbox-using-product-management-de-risk-technical-innovation",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | Thinking Out of the Sandbox - Using Product Management to De-Risk Technical Innovation",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# Thinking Out of the Sandbox - Using Product Management to De-Risk Technical Innovation\n### Abstract\nR&D is the driving force behind innovation, yet many enterprises struggle to translate ambitious ideas into real-world impact. This talk examines the common challenges faced by R&D teams, software engineers, and leadership\u2014bridging technical ideation with customer value, managing risk, and aligning innovation with business objectives. Through practical strategies and real-world examples, we\u2019ll explore how to create structured yet flexible approaches that support experimentation, de-risk decision-making, and drive meaningful outcomes. This session is designed for those looking to make R&D a true engine of growth within their organizations.\n* * *\n### Speaker\n#### Miriam Fahim\nR&D Product Owner, Digital Assets @LSEG, Computing Rising Stars 30\nMiriam began her career in Civil Engineering before transitioning into the world of technology, where she\u2019s now a Product Owner in the Research and Development Digital Assets team at London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG). In this role, she focuses on embedding a product mindset within a highly technical, fast-paced team, helping to shape innovative solutions in early-stage research.\nBeyond her professional work, Miriam is deeply committed to advancing women\u2019s careers in technology. She actively contributes to networking and mentorship initiatives, including her leadership role within LSEG\u2019s Women in Technology (WINTech) network. \nRead more\n#####  Find Miriam Fahim at: \n  * \n\n#### Speaker\n##### Miriam Fahim\nR&D Product Owner, Digital Assets @LSEG, Computing Rising Stars 30\n#### Date\nWednesday Apr 9 / 02:45PM BST ( 50 minutes )\n#### Location\nChurchill (Ground Fl.)\n#### Track\nThe Tech of FinTech\n#### Video\nVideo is not available\n#### Slides\nSlides are not available\n#### Share\nShare Share\n## From the same track\nSession\n### The Way We Manage Compliance Is Wrong\u2026 And Is Changing! Bringing DevOps Principles to Controls and Audit\nWednesday Apr 9 / 01:35PM BST\nIn 2025, many organizations still manage critical compliance controls through manual checks, spreadsheets, Word documents, and Confluence pages\u2014approaches that are error-prone, inefficient, and increasingly outdated. \nIan Miell\nAuthor of \"Docker in Practice\" & \"Learn Git/Bash the Hard Way\", Consultant Partner @Container Solutions\nThe Way We Manage Compliance Is Wrong\u2026 And Is Changing! Bringing DevOps Principles to Controls and Audit\nSession database\n### How to Build a Database Without a Server\nWednesday Apr 9 / 10:35AM BST\nModern data analytics workflows rely on scaling out to huge numbers of users and compute nodes. Managing database installations to handle this scale can be unsustainably complex and expensive. \nAlex Seaton\nStaff Engineer @ArcticDB, Previously Working on Quant Trading Systems @Man Group\nHow to Build a Database Without a Server\nSession Platform Engineering\n### Extreme DevOps Automation\nWednesday Apr 9 / 03:55PM BST\nRevolut's rapid growth relies on a powerful microservices architecture, but this presents a significant scaling challenge. \nS\u00e9rgio Amorim\nSystems Engineering @Revolut, Working in Developer Experience DevOps Platform Team\nExtreme DevOps Automation\nSession architecture\n### Latency: The Race to Zero...Are We There Yet?\nWednesday Apr 9 / 11:45AM BST\nLow and predictable latency have been an edge in financial trading. Aeron has been pushing the limit on what is possible for IPC, on-premise, and in the cloud messaging. Can we do better? \nAmir Langer\nPrincipal Software Engineer @Adaptive Financial Consulting\nLatency: The Race to Zero...Are We There Yet?\n"
}