{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/video-only",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2026 Videos | 12-Month On-Demand Access Pass",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nQCon Video-Only Pass \n#  Master emerging development trends. Drive strategic impact. \nStay ahead of emerging software development and leadership trends with exclusive access to recordings from QCon London 2026. \nLearn actionable, in-depth insights from senior developers, architects, and   \ntechnical leads who are shaping the future of software development whilst delivering real-world business value. \nInvest in your future with the QCon Video-Only Pass.\nRecordings available starting **April 3, 2026**. \nGet your pass Attend in person \nBuy your tickets now and save.\n#####  We've helped thousands of senior software engineers, software architects and tech leaders adopt the right patterns & practices for over 20 years. \n##  From bleeding-edge to best practice. \n###  QCon showcases emerging software trends and leadership strategies   \ninnovative practitioners are adopting right now. \nInnovators\n  * Green Tech\n  * Rust\n  * WASM\n  * eBPF\n  * Machine Learning @ Edge\n  * Scalable Configuration Management\n  * Infrastructure Unification\n  * Cue Lang\n\nEarly Adopters\n  * MLOps\n  * Team Topologies\n  * Staff+ Engineer Path\n  * Service Meshes\n  * Microfrontends\n  * Multicloud Practices\n  * Software Ethics\n  * Feature Engineering\n  * Mode Inference/Prediction\n  * Observability Practices\n  * Server-Driven Frontend\n  * Decarbonizing the Grid\n  * Operator Pattern for   \nNon-Clustered Resources \n  * Patterns & Heuristics   \nEnabling Fast Flow \n  * Open Policy Agent\n  * Java 17 (LTS)\n  * Paved Road\n\nEarly Majority\n  * DevSecOps\n  * DevOps in Practice\n  * Kubernetes Strategies\n  * Observability / Telemetry\n  * Site Reliability Engineering\n  * Chaos Engineering\n  * Operating Microservices\n  * Data Engineering\n  * GraphQL\n  * Go Techniques & Patterns\n  * DevEx\n  * Reactive\n  * Performance\n  * Macroservices\n  * Serverless: Orchestration &   \nChoreography \n  * Cloud Architectures\n  * Patterns for Scale\n  * IaC (Infrastructure as Code)\n  * Polyglot Software Practices\n\n\n## Why choose a QCon Video-Only Pass?\n###  Empower your entire team to learn, grow, and drive strategic impact. \n#### Consistent upskilling.\nEquip your team with practitioner-led solutions and strategic perspectives, boosting their ability to solve complex problems and deliver business value. \n#### Flexible learning.\nGet 12 months of on-demand access to QCon London 2026 talks, allowing your team to seamlessly integrate learning into busy schedules and focus on content most relevant to their projects and strategic goals. \n#### Shared knowledge.\nUse recordings for internal training, team-wide discussions, and Communities of Practice, ensuring consistent understanding of cutting-edge insights across your organization. \nEach team member needs their own pass.\nRecordings available from April 3, 2026.\nGet your pass\n##  How the QCon  Video-Only Pass works. \n1 \n#### Register for your QCon Video-Only Pass.\nSecure access when the recordings are available. Each team member needs their own pass. \n2 \n#### Starting April 3, 2026, access all recordings.\nYour pass gives you 12 months of on-demand access. \n3 \n#### Apply what you learn to drive impact.\nBring real-world solutions, new strategic ideas, and validated approaches directly back to your projects and teams, ensuring a clear path from knowledge acquisition to demonstrable impact. \nGet your pass\n##  Explore past QCon talks.\n### Watch our deep, practitioner-lead focus in action.\n####  Thriving through Change: Leading through Uncertainty \n##### Jennifer Davis\nEngineering Manager @Google, Previously @Microsoft and @Chef, Author of \"Effective DevOps\" and \"Modern System Administration\u201d\n#### When DevOps Runs Its Course - We Need Platform as a Runtime\n##### Aviran Mordo \nVP Engineering @Wix\n#### Lessons & Best Practices from Leading the Serverless First Journey at CapitalOne\n##### George Mao \nSenior Distinguished Engineer @Capital One Leading All Things Serverless, Ex-AWS WW Serverless Tech Lead\n##  Trusted by leaders like you. \n###  For over 20 years, leading enterprises have sent their senior technical talent to QCon for actionable insights that cut through the noise and drive tangible impact. \n##  Trusted insights. No hidden product pitches. \n####  Speakers from all around the world, at the forefront of their field. \n####  QCon puts more emphasis on the human connections between the sessions. \n####  Unconferences are a space for everyone to share best practices. \n####  Eye-opening! I can't wait to implement what I've learnt. \n####  You don't see big pressure on selling you stuff. It\u2019s all about learning and helping you grow. \n####  Unconference sessions\u2014 they turn out to be a really beneficial feature of the conference. \n####  Curation sets QCon apart. Tracks are curated by track hosts that know that field well. \n####  Connections. Everyone here is passionate about what they do and how they grow. \n####  It's one of the most innovative conferences I've been to. \n####  QCon gives us the opportunity to zoom out and look at our reality from a different perspective. \n##  Transforming your work. Practical takeaways. New perspectives. \n> I like the broad variety of topics... for me it\u2019s always a safe choice, as I know the overall quality is very high.\nMark Schmidt\nSenior Engineer @Adobe Systems Engineering GmbH\n> The speakers and the attendees make QCon stand out \u2026 a good balance of new tech to look out for along with the descussions around day to day problems that we face as developers.\nVipra Ramtekkar\nDevelopment Engineer @ING\n> This is a conference by engineers for engineers. I didn't feel like I was being sold something \u2026 I was learning from what is actually happening in other companies.\nChristopher Prigg\nSenior Engineer @Tesco PLC\n> It\u2019s the best tech conference I\u2019ve attended so far. The quality of the talks was outstanding. It was all about learning and sharing experiences. No marketing or trying to push products on you.\nSol Latorre \nSenior Backend Engineer @N26\n> \u201cAttending QCon really allows me to gain so many different perspectives to really broaden my own horizon.\u201d\nLuca Mezzalira\nPrincipal Serverless Specialist Solutions Architect @AWS\n> \u201cQCon was a masterclass. The sessions sparked ideas directly aligned with my work. I\u2019m excited to bring these insights into our transformation journey.\u201d\nKudzaishe Buruuru\nData Modeling and Advanced Data Analytics @Investec\n> \u201cI came away inspired by the quality of the sessions, the diversity of topics. The sessions were rich in practical insights. I had the chance to connect with amazing engineers, tech leads, and architects...each conversation offering a new perspective.\u201d\nDipanshi Bansal\nSoftware Engineer @Bloomberg LP\n> \u201cThis was my first time attending QCon London. Every track brought something new to the table, with actionable takeaways that I\u2019m eager to see how this can be applied.\u201d\nQuentin Loos\nTechnology Platform Team Manager @Belfius\n> \u201cThrilled to have attended QCon London, a premier conference for senior software engineers and tech leaders. It was an incredible opportunity to connect with industry pioneers, dive into advanced tech trends, and gain actionable insights.\u201d\nAli Mansour\nSenior Software Engineer @Murex\n## Frequently Asked Questions\n###  Get answers to your QCon London Video-Only Pass Questions \nCan I purchase both an in-person ticket and a Video-Only ticket on the same order?\nIn-person and Video-Only tickets must be purchased in separate orders. This is due to the different tax regulations and definitions of the \"place of supply\" of an in-person event versus and online access. Please refer to the FAQ section on \"Why do I need to be charged VAT on an in-person ticket purchase?\u201d for more information.\nWhat is the QCon Video-Only Pass?\nThe Video-Only ticket allows you to watch the recorded presentations that will be released two weeks after the in-person conference. The mode is self-paced, the ticket does not include any live or interactive elements.\nViewing time for all the technical content is around 60+ hours - you will be able to watch all these sessions at your own pace. Videos will remain available for 12 months.\nWhat does the Video-Only ticket include?\nThe Video-Only ticket includes access to the recorded presentation that will become available 2 weeks after the actual conference.\nSee all FAQs \n## Resources\n###  Need additional help or have a question? \n#### Need help?\nTake a look at our FAQs.\n#### Have a question?\nEmail info@qconlondon.com\n#### Need to convince your boss?\nUse our customizable template.\n##  Brought to you by the makers of QCon and InfoQ. \nWe've been helping software development teams adopt new technologies and practices for over 20 years.\nThe driving force behind every QCon conference is our passion to accelerate the software side of human progress. \nSenior software developers rely on QCon and InfoQ to keep ahead of the adoption curve because they trust the information provided and selected by their peers. \nJoin a global professional engineering community and adopt the right software innovations and practices to lead with confidence. \n## The QCon difference.\n### Trusted by enterprise software development teams for over 20 years.\nSenior software practitioners first.\nReal-world technical talks.\nNo hidden marketing, no sales pitches, no hype.\nHand-picked speakers by an international committee.\n## Sign up for event updates\n### Hear about the latest QCon and InfoQ developments. Be the first to learn about in-person and virtual events.\n"
}