{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/volunteers",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2024 | Volunteering at QCon London",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# Volunteering at QCon London\n### Volunteer at QCon London and be part of a great IT conference!\nAre you an university student or young professional looking for a volunteer opportunity at a great software conference in London? Are you looking to network in order to find a trainee-position, an internship or job in IT?\nThe QCon London Software Volunteer Program might be the perfect opportunity for you whether you are an university student, a young graduate or an IT professional.\nAs a volunteer at QCon London, you will get a chance to hear and learn from experts in the field and get access to the conference for free in exchange for volunteer work. \nRegistration is now closed.\n### What is QCon?\nQCon is a practitioner-driven conference designed for senior software engineers, team leads and architects. Plus, we always have awesome speakers!\nWe invite students, interns and other IT-interested individuals to volunteer at QCon and participate. \n### What to expect from this Volunteer Opportunity?\nAs QCon volunteer you will help with logistical onsite support during the event \u2013 including badge scanning, directing attendees to their seats, registration staffing, conference or/and tutorial room monitoring and other similar onsite event work. Being a room monitor will allow you to attend some presentations and /or workshops for free in return for some help. Typical days run from 7AM to 7PM. Volunteers are invited to attend the conference social as well.\n**Requirements/Preferences:**\n  * Must be 18 years of age or older\n  * Availability for the entire 3 days of the conference is preferred\n  * Availability between 7AM - 7PM is preferred\n  * Must provide own travel and hotel\n\n\n**Confirmed volunteers will gain:**\n  * Free access to most QCon London 2025 recorded sessions\n  * Free access to our InfoQ live 2025 events\n  * Breakfast and Lunch provided at the venue during the conference\n  * Special Volunteer T-Shirts\n  * Special Volunteer Prize Raffle _(there will also be a drawing for a prize on the last day of the event \u2013 this is for the volunteers only. You will need to have fulfilled 3 full days of volunteer work to be able to win.)_\n  * Access to the conference social events\n\n\nWe are looking for volunteers who are available at least 3 full days during the conference days (between Monday and Wednesday). Volunteers who have more availability will be given priority. We will try to accommodate specific schedules. \nVolunteers who need a volunteer certification at the end of the week, please let us know. \nPlease note that representatives from sponsor companies are not eligible to be a QCon volunteer. \nPlease register here if you want to join us in London! \n"
}