{
    "page_url": "https://qconlondon.com/presentation/apr2025/zero-trust-or-bust-bring-your-own-cloud-real-time-data",
    "page_title": "QCon London 2025 | Zero Trust or Bust. Bring Your Own Cloud To Real-Time Data",
    "page_content": "Your choice regarding cookies on this site\nWe use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.\nI AcceptI RejectCookie Preferences\nYou are viewing content from a past/completed conference.\n# Zero Trust or Bust. Bring Your Own Cloud To Real-Time Data\n### Abstract\nAs organizations increasingly look to adopt Bring Your Own Cloud (BYOC) models to deploy scalable, real-time data streaming solutions, security concerns around data governance, access control, and compliance become critical business considerations. This session explores how to integrate Zero Trust principles into real-time streaming projects that ensure end-to-end security, least privilege access, and continuous verification, all while enabling users to leverage their preferred cloud environments.\nAdditional details will be provided on the features built directly into Ververica\u2019s Unified Streaming Data Platform BYOC deployment that support an ideal mix of security, flexibility, and efficiency businesses rely on. Learn how to implement Zero Trust architectures for real-time data streaming, ensure secure multi-cloud deployments, and maintain operational efficiency without compromising security. \n* * *\n### Speaker\n#### Karin Landers\nSenior Product Marketing Manager @Ververica\nData and operations number cruncher, workflow creator, manager, and storyteller. Karin has spent 5 years working behind-the-scenes with Apache Open Source projects, products and people, including the Pulsar and Flink communities\nRead more\n#### Session Sponsored By\nThe Unified Streaming Data Platform powered by VERA, from the original creators of Apache Flink\u00ae\n#### Speaker\n##### Karin Landers\nSenior Product Marketing Manager @Ververica\n#### Date\nMonday Apr 7 / 11:45AM BST ( 50 minutes )\n#### Location\nWestminster (4th Fl.)\n#### Track\nSponsored Solution Track I\n#### Video\nVideo is not available\n#### Share\nShare Share\n## From the same track\nSession\n### Building a Streaming Agentic AI Pipeline with Redpanda and Snowflake\nMonday Apr 7 / 02:45PM BST\nIn this technical talk for developers, architects and the technically curious, Paul will cover recent developments within Redpanda Connect. \nPaul Wilkinson\nPrincipal Solutions Architect @Redpanda\nBuilding a Streaming Agentic AI Pipeline with Redpanda and Snowflake\nSession\n### AI Developer Tools Are Focused on the Wrong Problem\nMonday Apr 7 / 05:05PM BST\nFor all the claims about AI increasing developer productivity, why aren't developers seeing more of an impact?What we've heard from thousands of developers is that writing code is not their main challenge. \nDennis Pilarinos\nFounder & CEO @Unblocked\nAI Developer Tools Are Focused on the Wrong Problem\nSession\n### A Blueprint for Agentic AI Services \nMonday Apr 7 / 01:35PM BST\nWe\u2019re all excited to build and deliver agentic AI services. But what about running at the exponentially greater scale that agents create? LLMs suffer from poor latency and availability issues. More frequent model training drives more frequent updates to agentic services. \nDuncan DeVore\nSr. Director & Architect Advocate @Akka\nA Blueprint for Agentic AI Services \n"
}